Privacy Policy for Solar Clock App (2023-08-10)

Solar Clock is owned and developed by James Crabtree.

The Solar Clock app collects location data from devices on which the app is installed. This data is collected only when the user enables the location permission, and the user may stop sharing location data with the app at any time. Location data is used to determine information about the time zone in which a user is located and for calculations performed offline on the user's device that are necessary for the Solar Clock app to function properly. When connected to the internet, the user's location data is immediately used to call the TimeZoneDB API and is not collected, stored, or shared for any other purpose.

Users of the Solar Clock app may optionally allow the app access to their Google Accounts to view and edit Google Calendar events. Users may revoke this access at any time, although data collected from Google Accounts may remain stored on a user's device until the app is uninstalled. The Solar Clock app uses this data to allow users to view and modify their Google Calendar events from within the app. This data is never shared with any third parties or the developer of Solar Clock.

Users may contact jamescrab05@gmail.com with any questions related to this policy. This policy is effective beginning 10 August 2023 at 12:00 GMT-5.


Privacy Policy for Solar Clock App (2023-07-06)

Solar Clock is owned and developed by James Crabtree. This app collects location data from devices on which the app is installed. This data is collected only when the location permission is enabled by the user, and the user may stop sharing location data with the app at any time. Location data is used to determine information about the time zone in which a user is located and for calculations performed offline on the user's device that are necessary for the Solar Clock app to function properly. When connected to the internet, the user's location data is immediately used to call the TimeZoneDB API and is not collected, stored, or shared for any other purpose. Users may contact jamescrab05@gmail.com with any questions related to this policy. This policy is effective beginning 6 July 2023 at 23:00 GMT-5.
